when he had was dead the children of
Israel again did evil in the sight of
the Lord so the Lord sold them into the
hand of Jabin king of Canaan who reigned
in Hazel the commander of his army was
Sisera who dwelt in a rochev are gone
and the children of Israel cried out to
the Lord
for Jabin had 900 chariots of iron and
for twenty years he had harshly
oppressed the children of Israel now
Deborah a prophetess the wife of lappa
death was judging Israel at that time
and she would sit under the palm tree of
Deborah between Rama and Bethel in the
mountains of Ephraim and the children of
Israel came up to her for judgment then
she sent and called for Derek the son of
AB in Elam from Kadesh in naft Allah has
not the Lord God of Israel commanded go
and deploy troops at Mount Tabor take
with you ten thousand men of the sons of
Naphtali and of the sons of Zebulun and
against you I will deploy Sisera the
commander of jebin's army with his
chariots and his multitude at the river
kai-shan and I will deliver him into
your hand
and bay RAC said to her if you will go
with me then I will go but if you will
not go with me I will not go I will
surely go with you
nevertheless there will be no glory for
you in the journey you are taking for
the Lord will sell Sisera into the hand
of a woman then Debora arose and went
with beric to Kadesh and barrack called
Zebulun and Naphtali to Kadesh he went
up with ten thousand men under his
command and Deborah went up with him now
Heber the Kennett of the showroom of
Hobart the father in law of Moses had
separated himself from the canons and
pitched his tent near the terebinth tree
at Zeya name which is beside Kadesh and
they reported to Sisera that they rack
the son of a B no one had gone up to
mount table
so Sisera gathered together all his
chance
nine hundred chariots of iron and all
the people who were with him on other
chef are goin to the river kyshin then
Deborah said to bear a key up for this
is the day in which the Lord has
delivered Sisera into your hand has not
the Lord gone out before you so David
went down from Mount Tabor with ten
thousand men followed him old blankets
his chariots all his army with the edge
of the sword before bearing heat and
Sisera alighted from his chariot and
fled away on foot but Beira pursued the
chariots in the army as far as perisheth
ago you all the army of Sisera fell by
the edge of the sword not a man was left
however Sisodia had fled away on foot to
the tent of jail the wife of heap at the
kennen's
for there was peace between Jabin King
of Hazel and the house of Heber the
cannot and jailed went out to meet
Cicely and said to him turn aside my god
turn aside to me
do not fear
and when he had turned aside with her
into the 10th she covered him with a
blanket please give me a little water to
drink for I'm thirsty
so she opened a jug of milk gave him a
drink and covered him stand at the door
of the tent and a funny man comes and
inquires of you and says is there any
man here you shall say no then jail he
was wife took a tent peg and took a
hammer in her hand and went softly to
him and drove the peg into his temple
and he went down into the ground for he
was fast asleep and weary so he died and
then as barek pursued Sisera Jo came out
to meet
come I will show you the man whom you
seek and when he went into her tent
there lay Susilo dead with the peg in
his temple so on that day God subdued
Jabin king of Kaman in the presence of
the children of Israel
and the hand of the children of Israel
grew stronger and stronger against Jabin
king of Canaan until they had destroyed
Jaden
king of King
[Music]